DOCS-3245 SCALE 22.02 Document Dashboard Changes and New Functions (#1311)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/GettingStarted/FirstTimeLogin.md

{{< embed-video name="scaletour" >}}

> After logging in, you will see the system **Dashboard**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After logging in, you see the system **Dashboard**.
```

**Dashboard** displays basic information about the installed version, systems component usage, and network traffic. For users with compatible TrueNAS

> Hardware, clicking the system image will take you to the **System Settings > Enclosure** page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hardware, clicking the system image takes you to the **System Settings > Enclosure** page. 
```

{{< tabs "Top Row Menu" >}}
{{< tab "iXsystems" >}}
The iXsystems button opens the [iXsystems home page](https://www.ixsystems.com/). There, users can find information about storage and server systems.

Users can also use the iXsystems home page to access their customer portal and community section for support.
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "Status of TrueCommand" >}}
The **Status of TrueCommand** button lets users sign up with and connect to [TrueCommand Cloud]({{< relref "/content/TrueCommand/_index.md" >}}).

![StatusOfTrueCommandSCALE](/images/SCALE/StatusOfTrueCommandSCALE.png "Status of TrueCommand")

> Clicking **SIGNUP** will open the TrueCommand signup page in a new tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking **SIGNUP** opend the TrueCommand signup page in a new tab.
```

![SignUpTrueCommandSCALE](/images/SCALE/SignUpTrueCommandSCALE.png "TrueCommand Cloud Signup")

> Once users have signed up, they can click the **CONNECT** button and enter their API key to connect SCALE to TrueCommand Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After users sign up, they can click the **CONNECT** button and enter their API key to connect SCALE to TrueCommand Cloud.
```

![TaskManagerSCALE](/images/SCALE/TaskManagerSCALE.png "TrueNAS SCALE Task Manager")

> Users can click the **History** button to open the **Jobs** screen. **Jobs** lists all Successful, Active, and Failed jobs. Users can also click **View Logs** next to a failed process to view its log information and error message.

Reviewer: If specifically talking about a UI element ,such as a table column header use bold and capitalize, but if talking generally about a class/category lower case and no bold is proper.
```suggestion
Users can click the **History** button to open the **Jobs** screen. **Jobs** lists all successful, active, and failed jobs. Users can also click **View Logs** next to a failed process to view its log information and error message.
```

![TaskManagerHistorySCALE](/images/SCALE/TaskManagerHistorySCALE.png "Task Manager History")
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "Alerts" >}}

> The **Alerts** button displays the **Alerts** menu, which shows all current alerts. Users may dismiss them individually or all at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion to change from permission word may to ability word can
The **Alerts** button displays the **Alerts** menu, which shows all current alerts. Users can dismiss them individually or all at once.
```

The **Alerts** menu also lets users configure **Alert Settings**, **Alert Services**, and **Email**.

### Alert Settings

The **Alert Settings** screen has options for setting the warning level and frequency for alerts specific to application actions.

![AlertSettingsSCALE](/images/SCALE/AlertSettingsSCALE.png "TrueNAS SCALE Alert Settings")

> The **Set Warning Level** drop-downs customize alert importance. Each warning level has an icon and color to express its urgency.

Reviewer: possessive case and the debate about dropdown verses drop-down (tbd). On "the level of urgency" it could also be "urgency level"
```suggestion
The **Set Warning Level** drop-downs customize alert importance. Each warning level has an icon and color to express the level of urgency.
```

> The **Set Frequency** drop-downs adjust how often the system sends alert notifications. Setting the **Frequency** to *NEVER* prevents that alert from being in the **Alerts** menu, but it will still pop up in the UI if triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Set Frequency** drop-downs adjust how often the system sends alert notifications. Setting the **Frequency** to *NEVER* prevents that alert from being in the **Alerts** menu, but it still pops up in the UI if triggered.
```

### Alert Services

> The **Alert Services** screen has options to create and edit alert services. The **Alert Services** screen displays existing services in a list that users can filter by *Type*, *Level*, and *Enabled*.

Reviewer: if the emphasis is to indicate a UI option or selection use bold. if the emphasis is added to a general discussion of a filter type verses the specific UI, don't use italics or bold or capitalize.
```suggestion
The **Alert Services** screen has options to create and edit alert services. The **Alert Services** screen displays existing services in a list that users can filter by **Type**, **Level**, and **Enabled**.
```

| Key ID | Access Key ID for the linked AWS account. |
| Secret Key | Secret Access Key for the linked AWS account. |

> The **SEND TEST ALERT** button generates a test alert to confirm the alert service will work correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **SEND TEST ALERT** button generates a test alert to confirm the alert service works correctly.
```

> | Security | [Email encryption](https://www.fastmail.com/help/technical/ssltlsstarttls.html) type. Choices are Plain (No Encryption), SSL (Implicit TLS), or TLS (STARTTLS). |

Reviewer: Are the choices mentioned UI provided options? if yes use bold. Also, are the ( ) enclosed descriptions part of the UI choice? If yes, bold as well. 
```suggestion
| Security | [Email encryption](https://www.fastmail.com/help/technical/ssltlsstarttls.html) type. Choices are **Plain (No Encryption)**, **SSL (Implicit TLS)**, or **TLS (STARTTLS)**. |
```

| Prefer buttons with icons only | Preserve screen space with icons and tooltips instead of text labels. |
| Enable Password Toggle | When set, an eye icon appears next to password fields. Clicking the icon reveals the password. |
| Reset Table Columns to Default | Reset all tables to display default columns. |
| Retro Logo | Revert branding to FreeNAS. |
| Reset All Preferences to Default | Reset all user preferences to their default values (custom themes are preserved). |

### API Keys

> The **API Keys** section lets users add API Keys that identify outside resources and applications without a principal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **API Keys** section lets users add API keys that identify outside resources and applications without a principal.
```

> Users may also click **DOCS** to access their system API documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can also click **DOCS** to access their system API documentation.
```
